[WIP] feat: enable code coverage for solidity tests (#7019)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: .changeset/fifty-bobcats-confess.md

---
"hardhat": patch
---

> Enabled code coverage for the test solidity task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add code coverage for Solidity i.e. `npx hardhat test solidity --coverage` ([#7019](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat/pull/7019))
```

> Enabled code coverage for the test solidity task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add code coverage for Solidity Test with the `--coverage` flag, i.e. `npx hardhat test solidity --coverage` ([#7019](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat/pull/7019))
```
